Update content requirejs path define (#8825)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/javascript-dev-guide/javascript/requirejs.md

}
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> If you set a path to an array, and define multiple script sources. If the first script fails to load, the next one will be used as a fallback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set a path to an array and define multiple script sources, if the first script fails to load, the next one will be used as a fallback.
```

```javascript
var config = {
    ...
    paths: {
        'alias': [
            'https://some-library.com/file',
            'vendor_name>_<module_name>/js/file'
        ]
    }
};
```

> For external content resources should be whitelist, Otherwise Magento will raise error notices in browser console. Reference [here]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/security/content-security-policies.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For external content resources should be whitelisted, otherwise Magento will raise error notices in the browser console. Reference [Content Security Policies]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/security/content-security-policies.html).
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove this extra blank line - should fix linting errors
